[Music]
hey guys and welcome to my rat's kitchen
today I'm gonna make fast-food style
hashbrowns so here we go I'm going to
start with two potatoes I'm gonna peel
the potatoes and Strait them with a
thick shredder you basically want take
shreds of potatoes now in a bowl I'm
going to add a teaspoon of salt and very
very cold water in fact so cool I'm you
in one add ice then I'm going to
transfer my shredded potatoes in my bone
and I'm gonna keep it in that for about
15 to 20 minutes so basically what we
want is just to remove the excess amount
of starch now for the next step you're
gonna need lots of muscle power so I'm
going to strain all the water out of my
straight edge potatoes that have been
kept in the water I'm going to squeeze
the potatoes in batches till all the
water has been drained now this is a
very crucial step you need to remove the
water from all the potatoes you can
actually see the amount of starch that
has been removed from the potatoes I'm
going to remove any excess water with
paper towel water should not be there
all right keep that in mind now in a pan
I'm gonna add some butter and transfer
my potato I'm gonna cook them on medium
and not all the way through now what you
want is basically the potato should be
kind of power boiled potatoes not wholly
cooked potatoes already you don't want
them to turn brown so basically each
trait should be a bit firm but not very
firm as you can see all right I'm gonna
transfer potatoes in about let it cool
for about ten to fifteen minutes so that
I can work on them after that I'm gonna
add onion powder some salt potato powder
cornstarch rice flour and finally a
tablespoon of water
you can see all the information and all
the measurements in the description bar
down below I'm going to mix it all up
and then add some more rice flour
alright so basically rice flour is added
to combine and provide that crispness
[Music]
now no butter paper I'm going to
transfer my potato mixture cover it with
another butter paper flatten it with the
rolling pin and be careful you don't
want to over flatten them you basically
want them to be around a centimeter
thick and then refrigerate it to four to
six hours so that you can easily cut
them in standard highest round shapes in
my case it is triangle so you can go in
any width shape what you want you can
cut them easily and they're refrigerated
and they're freezed so apparently the
video has moved faster and my speech has
been delayed but the last step is
basically simple frying you need hot oil
and you need to golden fry your
hashbrowns somewhat like this now the
real taste of hash brown would be the
crispy test right let's go on test the
real crispy test now this was recorded
15 to 20 minutes after frying
and to our insult to injury I would say
oh yeah now you can see how crispy they
are and this is all this is all been
done in real time as you know my poor
editing skills so do subscribe to my
channel thanks for watching
fast food style hashbrown I hope you
liked the video
[Music]
and thanks for watching